Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs!
"Why do programmers hate nature? It has too many bugs."
"There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don’t."
"A SQL query walks into a bar and asks, 'Can I join you?'"
"I told my computer I needed a break, now it won’t stop sending me '404 Not Found' messages."
"Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs."
"Why did the developer go broke? Because he used up all his cache."
"Parallel lines have so much in common… it’s a shame they’ll never meet."
"Why did the function return? Because it had too many problems."
"How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None. It’s a hardware problem."
"Why do programmers prefer iOS development? Because they don’t have to deal with Android!"
"How do you comfort a JavaScript bug? You console it."
"Why couldn’t the programmer quit his job? Because he had too many open threads."
"I’m not a great programmer, I’m just a good debugger."
"Why did the computer go to therapy? It had too many issues."
"Why do developers use Macs? Because they can’t handle Windows."
"Why did the coder break up with his girlfriend? She had too many dependencies."
"How do you organize a space party? You planet."
"What did the router say to the computer? You’re my connection."
"I wish I was an octopus, then I could use 8 fingers to debug code."
"Why do programmers prefer tea? It’s easy to steep without a class."
"A C++ object walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, 'Are you sure you want that? It could cause a memory leak!'"
"Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them."
"Why was the JavaScript developer sad? Because he didn’t know how to 'null' his feelings."
"Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything."
"Why did the programmer go to the beach? To surf the web."
"To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion."
"Why do programmers prefer using dark mode? Because light attracts bugs."
"What did one electron say to the other? Stay positive!"
"I tried to make a belt out of watches… but it was a waist of time."
"Without algorithms, life would be an infinite loop of confusion."
"I have a joke on cloud computing, but it’s not up to date."
"I would tell you a joke about UDP, but you might not get it."
"Why did the developer go broke? Because he used up all his cache."
"Why don’t programmers like nature? It has too many bugs."
"What do you call a data structure that knows karate? A hash table."
"Why are computers so good at math? They know how to compute."
"Two bytes meet. The first byte asks, 'Are you ill?' The second byte replies, 'No, just feeling a bit off.'"
"Why did the developer break up with his girlfriend? She had too many dependencies."
"Why do programmers prefer Java? Because they can’t handle a C++ relationship."
"What’s the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance."
"A user walks into a bar, orders a drink, and asks, 'How much will it cost me?' The bartender responds, 'It depends... what are you using to pay?'"
"What's a programmer’s favorite hangout place? The loop."
"What’s the difference between a developer and a customer support rep? Developers write code, support reps read logs."
"I told my computer I needed a break... now it won’t stop sending me '404 Not Found' messages."
"I have a joke about Java, but it’s too long and you might not catch it."
"Why did the coder refuse to play cards? He didn’t want to deal with the deck."
"Why did the JavaScript developer get frustrated? His promise was never fulfilled."
"To understand recursion, you must first understand recursion."
"Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts."
"What do you call a group of 8-bit computers? An arcade!"
"When a programmer says, 'It works on my machine,' they’re not being helpful."
"The problem with troubleshooting is that trouble shoots back."
"Why was the computer cold? It left its Windows open."
"What’s the best way to learn to program? Learn by doing, not by reading books."
"How do you organize a space party? You planet."
"Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems."
"How do you know when a mathematician is lying? They use a degree."
"Why don’t programmers like nature? It has too many bugs."
"I asked the librarian for a book on anti-gravity… but she told me it’s impossible to put down."
"Why did the software developer leave work early? He had too many commits."
"What did one string say to the other string? Let’s tie up this loose end."
"Why did the C++ developer hate the beach? He was allergic to pointers."
"What does a mathematician say when they get something right? 'That’s rational!'"
"Why do electrical engineers never play hide and seek? Because good luck hiding with your power supply."
"A Python walked into a bar and said, 'I don’t care about your classes.'"
"Why did the data scientist break up with the statistician? Because their relationship was too mean."
"Why was the developer so good at hide and seek? Because they always found bugs."
"Why do programmers hate nature? It has too many bugs."
"How do you comfort a JavaScript bug? You console it."
"What do you call a function that can’t return? A void."
"Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them."
"What’s the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance."
"Why do programmers prefer iOS development? Because Android doesn't have the best API."
"A microprocessor walks into a bar and orders a byte."
"What do you call a software update that doesn’t work? A patch."
"What’s a programmer’s favorite exercise? Running loops."
"Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don’t C#."
"Why did the JavaScript developer go to therapy? He had issues with his promises."
"What's an electrical engineer’s favorite type of music? Circuit breakers."
"Why was the computer a good singer? It had a great motherboard."
"How do you comfort a JavaScript bug? You console it."
"Why did the programmer quit his job? He didn’t get arrays."
"Why was the developer afraid of the dark? He was scared of exceptions."