The signature of mediocrity is not an unwillingness to change. The signature of mediocrity is chronic inconsistency.” —Jim Collins
“People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing; that’s why we recommend it daily.” —Zig Ziglar
“The space in which we live should be for the person we are becoming now—not for the person we were in the past.” —Marie Kondo 
“The road to success is always under construction.” —Lily Tomlin 
“Leave nothing for tomorrow which can be done today.” —Abraham Lincoln 
“Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.” —Tim Notke 
“You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine.” —John C. Maxwell 
“If you don’t see a clear path for what you want, sometimes you have to make it yourself.” —Mindy Kaling 
“Everything is within your power and your power is within you.” —Janice Trachtman 
“Change is inevitable. Growth is optional.” —John C. Maxwell 
“Work like there is someone working twenty-four hours a day to take it away from you.” —Mark Cuban 
“If you always do what you’ve always done, you always get what you’ve always gotten.” —Jessie Potter
“If you’re too comfortable, it’s time to move on. Terrified of what’s next? You’re on the right track.” —Susan Fales-Hill
“Success isn’t overnight. It’s when every day you get a little better than before. It adds up.” —Dwayne Johnson
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” —Vince Lombardi
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.” —Maya Angelou
“Ability is what you’re capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.” —Lou Holtz 
“Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.” —Napoleon Hill 
“Create, take risks, live your passion.” —Krista Aoki 
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.” —Oliver Goldsmith 
“The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job.” —Zig Ziglar 
“Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life.” —Naeem Callaway 
“The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something.” —Naval Ravikant
“With hard work and dedication, anything is possible.” —Timothy Weah 
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” —Albert Schweitzer 
“No alarm clock needed; my passion wakes me.” —Eric Thomas 
“Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners.” —Conor McGregor 
“The man who really counts in the world is the doer, not the mere critic-the man who actually does the work, even if roughly and imperfectly, not the man who only talks or writes about how it ought to be done.” —Theodore Roosevelt
“Every day is a potential seed that we can grow into something beautiful.” —Austin Kleon
“The future depends on what you do today.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.” —Henry Ford 
“Experience is the hardest kind of teacher. It gives you the test first and the lesson after.” —Oscar Wilde 
“Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.” —William A. Ward
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 9% how you react to it.” —Charles R. Swindoll 
“Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” —Conrad Hilton 
“When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this—you haven’t.” —Thomas Edison
“Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.” —Henry Ford 
“If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try.” —Seth Godin 
“The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.” —Paulo Coelho 
“Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.” —Robert T. Kiyosaki 
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” —Henry Ford 
“I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.” —Vincent van Gogh 
“People do not decide their futures, they decide their habits and their habits decide their futures.” —F.M. Alexander 
“Just start. Don’t worry that you don’t have all the answers yet.” —Alli Webb
“If you talk about it, it’s a dream, if you envision it, it’s possible, but if you schedule it, it’s real.” —Tony Robbins
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.” —Pelé 
“Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” —Robert Collier
“The busier you are, the more intentional you must be.” —Michael Hyatt
“Focus on being productive instead of busy.” —Tim Ferriss 
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” —Jim Rohn 
“Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently.” —Marie Forleo 
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” —Mark Twain
“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” —Sir Winston Churchill 
“Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.” —Oprah Winfrey
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” —Martin Luther King Jr. 
“Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.” —Robert H. Schuller 
“My advice is to never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the thief of time.” —Charles Dickens 
“If you can’t figure out your purpose, figure out your passion. For passion will lead you right into your purpose.” —T.D. Jakes 
“If you find something you’re passionate about, Monday will be your favorite day of the week.” —Jan Almasy 
“The most efficient way to do it is to do it.” —Amelia Earhart 
“Starting strong is good. Finishing strong is epic.” —Robin Sharma 
“Challenges are what make life interesting, and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” —Joshua J. Marine 
“I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.” —Albert Einstein 
“Work is doing it. Discipline is doing it every day. Diligence is doing it well every day.” —Dave Ramsey 
“If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.” —Zig Ziglar 
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” —Steve Jobs 
“If you don’t go after what you want, you’ll never have it. If you don’t ask, the answer is always no. If you don’t step forward, you’re always in the same place.” —Nora Roberts
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” —Jim Ryun
“Be humble, be hungry, and always be the hardest worker in the room.” —Dwayne Johnson
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of a difference you want to make.” —Jane Goodall 
“Work hard in silence. Let your success be your noise.” —Frank Ocean 
“When you set out to accomplish something, recognize that slow, steady progress over time can lead to big success.” —Erica Hudson 
“The key to success is to start before you are ready.” —Marie Forleo 
“Professionalism is not about what work you do; it is about how well you do the work.” —Amit Kalantri 
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” —George Eliot
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” —Sam Levenson
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.” – Tim Notke
“Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” – Robert Collier
“Fall seven times, stand up eight.” – Japanese Proverb